README.md, before:

# KanaQuiz

Are you trying to learn Japanese, but can't seem to remember the pronunciation of the basic Hiragana or Katakana character set?

This application is here to help. It will test your knowledge, and drill the basics into your head. You can select which of the twenty different groups you wish to test yourself on. Allowing you to customize based on your skill level. Because we can't learn all this stuff at once. Also includes a reference screen that can display all kana you're currently working on, just to remind you.

Open source and ad free.

This application is in a state of constant development. Any additional feature requests can be sent via email, or submitted as an issue here, on GitHub. If they are appropriate, they will likely be added to the next release.

Currently available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.noprestige.kanaquiz).

## Feature set

* Supports Hiragana and Katakana character sets
* Ten different character groupings for each set, allowing a gradual progression through the characters
* Can answer questions by entering them using the on-screen keyboard, or as multiple choice questions
* Built-in kana reference sheet
* Supports both digraphs (ぴゃ, みゅ, リュ) and diacritics (゛, ゜)
* User can select app behaviour on an incorrect answer from three different options: retry until the correct answer is given, show the correct answer and move on, or hide the correct answer and move on

## Upcoming features

_NB: The following features have no planned release date, or guarantee of release._

* Logs user's question record
* App will select questions to preference the kana which the user is having the most trouble with
* Multiple choice answers to be selected as the ones the user is most likely to confuse the kana with
* Kanji and vocabulary support

## Translations

This application is currently only available for English language speakers.

If you are multi-lingual, and wish to assist this project by volunteering translation services, you can submit the changes in a pull request, or send an email to [theblackwidower@gmail.com](mailto:theblackwidower@gmail.com).

If you wish to submit a translation as a pull request, please use Android Studio's built-in Translations Editor. 

If you don't wish to go through the hassle of installing Android Studio, you can use the strings.xml file (`/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml`) as a template, and place it in a new directory called `/app/src/main/res/values-xx/` where `xx` is the language's locale code. Remove all strings marked with `translatable="false"` and all string arrays. The remaining strings are those that need to be translated. Be sure to place the name of the language you're translating as well as your own name, in the field marked `translator_credit`. You can also place the URL to your GitHub, Twitter, or other social media profile or personal/professional website in the field marked `translator_credit_url`. If you require any assistance, please do not be afraid to email me. I appreciate the assistance from anyone wishing to volunteer their skills to help with this project.

Commit message:

Updated translation request
The instructions for translating seemed quite complicated. I simplified it by linking to a template I posted on GitHub Gist, and suggesting those who don't want to bother with pull requests to simply send it through email.

README.md, after:

# KanaQuiz

Are you trying to learn Japanese, but can't seem to remember the pronunciation of the basic Hiragana or Katakana character set?

This application is here to help. It will test your knowledge, and drill the basics into your head. You can select which of the twenty different groups you wish to test yourself on. Allowing you to customize based on your skill level. Because we can't learn all this stuff at once. Also includes a reference screen that can display all kana you're currently working on, just to remind you.

Open source and ad free.

This application is in a state of constant development. Any additional feature requests can be sent via email, or submitted as an issue here, on GitHub. If they are appropriate, they will likely be added to the next release.

Currently available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.noprestige.kanaquiz).

## Feature set

* Supports Hiragana and Katakana character sets
* Ten different character groupings for each set, allowing a gradual progression through the characters
* Can answer questions by entering them using the on-screen keyboard, or as multiple choice questions
* Built-in kana reference sheet
* Supports both digraphs (ぴゃ, みゅ, リュ) and diacritics (゛, ゜)
* User can select app behaviour on an incorrect answer from three different options: retry until the correct answer is given, show the correct answer and move on, or hide the correct answer and move on

## Upcoming features

_NB: The following features have no planned release date, or guarantee of release._

* Logs user's question record
* App will select questions to preference the kana which the user is having the most trouble with
* Multiple choice answers to be selected as the ones the user is most likely to confuse the kana with
* Kanji and vocabulary support

## Translations

This application is currently only available for English language speakers.

If you are multi-lingual, and wish to assist this project by volunteering translation services, you can submit the changes in a pull request, or via email.

If you wish to submit a translation as a pull request, please use Android Studio's built-in Translations Editor. 

If you don't wish to go through the hassle of installing Android Studio, you can use [this strings.xml file](https://gist.github.com/theblackwidower/206876858d2bc5a81f9014267750d8fd) as a template, and place it in a new directory called `/app/src/main/res/values-xx/` where `xx` is the language's locale code. The various string tags contain elements that need to be translated. Be sure to place the name of the language you're translating as well as your own name, in the field marked `translator_credit`. You can also place the URL to your GitHub, Twitter, or other social media profile or personal/professional website in the field marked `translator_credit_url`.

If you don't wish to bother with pull requests, using the template listed above you can also submit your translation through email to [theblackwidower@gmail.com](mailto:theblackwidower@gmail.com?subject=KanaQuiz%20Translation), with the subject "KanaQuiz Translation".

If you require any assistance, please do not be afraid to email me. I appreciate the assistance from anyone wishing to volunteer their skills to help with this project.
